[Avoiding Harm] Quizzes! (#28)
fhdsl/AI_for_Decision_Makers: quizzes/02f-Avoiding_Harm-idare_and_ai.md

{quiz, id: idare_and_ai, attempts: 10}

## IDARE and AI Quiz

> ? What does the acronym IDARE stand for in the context of using AI responsibly?

Reviewer: ? What does the acronym IDARE stand for ?

> ? What does the acronym IDARE stand for in the context of using AI responsibly?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
? What does the acronym IDARE stand for ??
```

A) Inclusion, Diversity, Anti-Racism, and Equity
b) Intelligence, Data, Algorithms, Research, Engineering
c) Interfaces, Developers, Administrators, Regulators, End-users
d) Identification, Development, Assessment, Regulation, Evaluation

? Why can bias occur in AI systems?
A) Humans and human-created data are inherently unbiased
b) AI systems are intentionally designed to discriminate
c) The training data for AI systems is too diverse in representation
d) Bias only occurs when using unsupervised learning

? What example demonstrates an AI system perpetuating existing biases?
a) An AI system beating a human at chess
b) AI-written articles discussing IDARE principles

> c) Algorithms predicting patient ancestry from medical images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
c) Algorithms that help flag medical images for further review based on patient reported pain
```

> D) Chatbots giving biased answers that lack diverse perspectives to users

Reviewer: D) An AI system that helps doctors suggest treatments for heart disease that doesn't work well as well for women

? What does the material recommend regarding using AI for employment decisions?
a) AI should be fully relied upon to make unbiased choices

> b) Humans should have final say but AI can guide decisions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
b) Humans should have final say but AI can select a small number of resumes to evaluate without any potential bias issues
```

> C) AI is not appropriate for use in employment decisions

Reviewer: C) AI is not appropriate for use in employment decisions with our current systems

> C) AI is not appropriate for use in employment decisions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
C) AI is not appropriate for use in employment decisions with our current systems
```
